Thin `Having little thickness or extent from one surface to its opposite; as, a thin plate of metal; thin paper; a thin board; a thin covering.
Thin `Rare; not dense or thick; -- applied to fluids or soft mixtures; as, thin blood; thin broth; thin air.
Thin `Not close; not crowded; not filling the space; not having the individuals of which the thing is composed in a close or compact state; hence, not abundant; as, the trees of a forest are thin; the corn or grass is thin.
Thin `Not full or well grown; wanting in plumpness.
Thin `Not stout; slim; slender; lean; gaunt; as, a person becomes thin by disease.
Thin `Wanting in body or volume; small; feeble; not full.
Game `Crooked; lame; as, a game leg.
Game `Sport of any kind; jest, frolic.
Game `A contest, physical or mental, according to certain rules, for amusement, recreation, or for winning a stake; as, a game of chance; games of skill; field games, etc.
Game `The use or practice of such a game; a single match at play; a single contest; as, a game at cards.
Game `That which is gained, as the stake in a game; also, the number of points necessary to be scored in order to win a game; as, in short whist five points are game.
Game `In some games, a point credited on the score to the player whose cards counts up the highest.
Cat `An animal of various species of the genera Felis and Lynx. The domestic cat is Felis domestica. The European wild cat (Felis catus) is much larger than the domestic cat. In the United States the name wild cat is commonly applied to the bay lynx (Lynx rufus) See Wild cat, and Tiger cat.
Cat `A strong vessel with a narrow stern, projecting quarters, and deep waist. It is employed in the coal and timber trade.
Cat `A strong tackle used to draw an anchor up to the cathead of a ship.
Cat `A double tripod (for holding a plate, etc.), having six feet, of which three rest on the ground, in whatever position in is placed.
Cat `An old game; (a) The game of tipcat and the implement with which it is played. See Tipcat. (c) A game of ball, called, according to the number of batters, one old cat, two old cat, etc.
Cat `A cat o' nine tails. See below.
Cake `A small mass of dough baked; especially, a thin loaf from unleavened dough; as, an oatmeal cake; johnnycake.
Cake `A sweetened composition of flour and other ingredients, leavened or unleavened, baked in a loaf or mass of any size or shape.
Cake `A thin wafer-shaped mass of fried batter; a griddlecake or pancake; as buckwheat cakes.
Cake `A mass of matter concreted, congealed, or molded into a solid mass of any form, esp. into a form rather flat than high; as, a cake of soap; an ague cake.
Cake `To form into a cake, or mass.
Cake `To concrete or consolidate into a hard mass, as dough in an oven; to coagulate.
A `The first letter of the English and of many other alphabets. The capital A of the alphabets of Middle and Western Europe, as also the small letter (a), besides the forms in Italic, black letter, etc., are all descended from the old Latin A, which was borrowed from the Greek Alpha, of the same form; and this was made from the first letter (/) of the Phoenician alphabet, the equivalent of the Hebrew Aleph, and itself from the Egyptian origin. The Aleph was a consonant letter, with a guttural breath sound that was not an element of Greek articulation; and the Greeks took it to represent their vowel Alpha with the a sound, the Phoenician alphabet having no vowel symbols.
A `The name of the sixth tone in the model major scale (that in C), or the first tone of the minor scale, which is named after it the scale in A minor. The second string of the violin is tuned to the A in the treble staff. -- A sharp (A/) is the name of a musical tone intermediate between A and B. -- A flat (A/) is the name of a tone intermediate between A and G.
A `An adjective, commonly called the indefinite article, and signifying one or any, but less emphatically.
A `"In each; to or for each; as, ""twenty leagues a day"", ""a hundred pounds a year"", ""a dollar a yard"", etc."
A `In; on; at; by.
A `In process of; in the act of; into; to; -- used with verbal substantives in -ing which begin with a consonant. This is a shortened form of the preposition an (which was used before the vowel sound); as in a hunting, a building, a begging.
A `The first letter of the English and of many other alphabets. The capital A of the alphabets of Middle and Western Europe, as also the small letter (a), besides the forms in Italic, black letter, etc., are all descended from the old Latin A, which was borrowed from the Greek Alpha, of the same form; and this was made from the first letter (/) of the Phoenician alphabet, the equivalent of the Hebrew Aleph, and itself from the Egyptian origin. The Aleph was a consonant letter, with a guttural breath sound that was not an element of Greek articulation; and the Greeks took it to represent their vowel Alpha with the a sound, the Phoenician alphabet having no vowel symbols.
A `The name of the sixth tone in the model major scale (that in C), or the first tone of the minor scale, which is named after it the scale in A minor. The second string of the violin is tuned to the A in the treble staff. -- A sharp (A/) is the name of a musical tone intermediate between A and B. -- A flat (A/) is the name of a tone intermediate between A and G.
A `An adjective, commonly called the indefinite article, and signifying one or any, but less emphatically.
A `"In each; to or for each; as, ""twenty leagues a day"", ""a hundred pounds a year"", ""a dollar a yard"", etc."
A `In; on; at; by.
A `In process of; in the act of; into; to; -- used with verbal substantives in -ing which begin with a consonant. This is a shortened form of the preposition an (which was used before the vowel sound); as in a hunting, a building, a begging.
B `"is the second letter of the English alphabet. (See Guide to Pronunciation, // 196, 220.) It is etymologically related to p, v, f, w and m , letters representing sounds having a close organic affinity to its own sound; as in Eng. bursar and purser; Eng. bear and Lat. ferre; Eng. silver and Ger. silber; Lat. cubitum and It. gomito; Eng. seven, Anglo-Saxon seofon, Ger. sieben, Lat. septem, Gr.""epta`, Sanskrit saptan. The form of letter B is Roman, from Greek B (Beta), of Semitic origin. The small b was formed by gradual change from the capital B."
Then `At that time (referring to a time specified, either past or future).
Then `Soon afterward, or immediately; next; afterward.
Then `At another time; later; again.
Then `Than.
Then `In that case; in consequence; as a consequence; therefore; for this reason.
Hay `A hedge.
Hay `A net set around the haunt of an animal, especially of a rabbit.
Hay `To lay snares for rabbits.
Hay `Grass cut and cured for fodder.
Hay `To cut and cure grass for hay.
$_$ `Has money
>:D `Scheming| Maniacal